---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---
Final Post!!

What you did last week?

Last week, we have been attempting to finish the entire last phase for the project by fixing the test harness, improving the design of our website, and other necessary tasks to complete the project fully. We also had presentations where I got to see everyone else's projects based on their creative ideas for their database websites. Many of them were based off from media, such as Game of Thrones, music, and comic books. What was interesting was that most of them didn't use the exact same software we implemented for our website, which is based off from soccer, a worldwide sport that we were interested by far when we were brainstorming for ideas. However, before the presentations, we had guest speakers from Atlassian who told us about their work experience as they made many relations to our team efforts in our project.

What’s in the way?

Right now, we've been having many communication issues with other members of the team. Many of our group members couldn't  come to meet us in the lab due to several inconvieniences in our own seperate schedules. Also, this test seems to be very stressful to study for, since I haven't found anyone to study with for this test. I hope I'll be able to find one in time so I could get a better grade for this test. 

What will you do next week?

Next week, I will attempt to study for this second and final test on my own, so I could get an idea on what the test will be based on. At least it's better than not getting started in studying for the test. Hopefully, there would be someone I can be around to study for this test. I would hate it if I badly screw up on this upcoming test.

Comment of the week

Despite the challenges of this entire course, I would recommend this course to anyone who is a computer science major here in UT. Professor Downing is an understanding instructor and amazing lecturer here in UT; perhaps, he is the best professor here I've ever had so far in my 4 years in UT so far. I feel that he really cares about people passing this course as well as understanding the concepts of software engineering. 
